.\"
.\"   $Id: ./rk_dspmd.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH ROMKAN_DISPMOD \  "11 October 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
romkan_dispmode() ローマ字仮名変換モード表示用文字列の取り出し
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include <wnn/rk_spcl_val.h>

char *romkan_dispmode()
.fi
.SH 機能説明
.HP 0
.IP
romkan_dispmode は、ローマ字仮名変換の現在のモードを表現する表示用文字列を
返す。文字列はモード定義表に書かれているものである。
モードの変更は、あらかじめ romkan_init の第３引き数を０以外にして呼んでおいて、
romkan_getc が返す CHMSIG によって知ることができる。ただし、
romkan_dispmode はモードの変更に関わらず動作する。
結果として返るポインタは、ローマ字仮名変換のワークエリア内を指しているので、
このポインタの先を変更してはならない。
.SH 使用上の注意事項
.HP 0
.IP
予め romkan_init が呼ばれていなければならない。
.SH 関連項目
.HP 0
.IP
romkan_init(JT_LIB), romkan_next(JT_LIB), romkan_clear(JT_LIB), 
romkan_getc(JT_LIB), romkan_ungetc(JT_LIB), 2A_CTRL(JT_ENV), 
2B_ROMKANA(JT_ENV)


