.\"
.\"   $Id: ./2a_ctrl.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH 2A_CTRL \  "28 January 1992" 
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
2A_CTRL		コントロール・コマンド定義表
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i 
/usr/local/lib/wnn/ja_JP/rk/2A_CTRL
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
uum(1) 起動時に解釈され、変換用のキーの設定を行う。
文字入力モードの設定のために使用する。
これで変換されたコードは、uumkey(4) の設定の中で使用される。
.SH 設定例
.HP 0
.IP
        '\\x81'  (switch katakana)       ;PF1 key
        '\\x82'  (switch zenkaku)        ;PF2 key
        '\\x83'  (switch romkan)         ;PF3 key
.SH 注意事項
.HP 0
.IP
PF1〜PF4 のキーおよびカーソルキーについては、次のような注意が必要
である。つまり、端末が２バイト以上のコードを発生する場合、この表による
変換が行われる前に、uum(1) によってキーボードから発生する文字列の
データが１バイトのコードに変換される (CVT_KEY_TBL(4) の項参照)。

以下に、PF1〜PF4 のキーとカーソルキーが入力された場合に、この表で受け
取るコードを示す。
ただし、これは、uum(1) によってこの表が使用されている場合の対応で、
ローマ字変換ライブラリを使用した場合は、これらのコードは、当てはまらない。

        PF1     0x81            →      0x90
        PF2     0x82            ←      0x91
        PF3     0x83            ↓      0x92
        PF4     0x84            ↑      0x93
.SH 関連項目
.sv 1
.nf
uum(1), mode(4), uumkey(4), cvt_key_tbl(4), オートマトン(3)


