.\"
.\"   $Id: ./2b_romkan.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH 2B_ROMKANA \  "28 January 1992" 
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
2B_ROMKANA		ローマ字かな変換定義表
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i 
/usr/local/lib/wnn/ja_JP/rk/2B_ROMKANA
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
uum(1) 起動時に解釈され、ローマ字変換用の設定を行う。
.SH 設定例
.HP 0
.IP
 M(q1)   ん (q1)           M の次に B M P のいずれかがきた
 (defvar q1 (list B M P))  場合、M を「ん」に確定することを
                           定義している。

 (aa)(aa) っ (aa)
 (defvar aa (list K S T H Y R W G Z D B P C F J V))
                           「K S T H Y R W G Z D B P C F J
                           V」の何れかが連続して入力された
                           場合、１文字目の入力を「っ」に確
                           定することを定義している。
 
 TCH     っ CH             TCH と入力された場合、T を「っ」
                           に確定することを定義している。

 A       あ                A と入力された場合、「あ」に確定
                           することを定義している。
 I       い                         :
 U       う                         :
 E       え                         :
 O       お                         :
    :
    :
    :
    :
 -       ー
 ,       、
 .       。
 
 (alpha) (error)
 (defvar alpha (between A Z))
     A から Z までの文字が単独で現れた場合、エラーとする。

 ローマ字変換デフォルト設定
 (括弧内のものは、カタカナモードの時に限り適用される変換を示す。)
 
 A       あ      KA      か      SA      さ      TA    た
 I       い      KI      き      SI      し      TI    ち
 U       う      KU      く      SU      す      TU    つ
 E       え      KE      け      SE      せ      TE    て
 O       お      KO      こ      SO      そ      TO    と
 
 NA      な      HA      は      MA      ま      YA    や
 NI      に      HI      ひ      MI      み      YI    い
 NU      ぬ      HU      ふ      MU      む      YU    ゆ
 NE      ね      HE      へ      ME      め      YE    いぇ
 NO      の      HO      ほ      MO      も      YO    よ

 RA      ら      WA      わ      GA      が      ZA    ざ
 RI      り      WI      ゐ      GI      ぎ      ZI    じ
 RU      る      WU      う      GU      ぐ      ZU    ず
 RE      れ      WE      ゑ      GE      げ      ZE    ぜ
 RO      ろ      WO      を      GO      ご      ZO    ぞ
 
 DA      だ      BA      ば      PA      ぱ      GYA   ぎゃ
 DI      ぢ      BI      び      PI      ぴ
 DU      づ      BU      ぶ      PU      ぷ      GYU   ぎゅ
 DE      で      BE      べ      PE      ぺ      GYE   ぎぇ
 DO      ど      BO      ぼ      PO      ぽ      GYO   ぎょ

 ZYA     じゃ    JA      じゃ    DYA     ぢゃ    BYA   びゃ
                 JI      じ      DYI     でぃ
 ZYU     じゅ    JU      じゅ    DYU     ぢゅ    BYU   びゅ
 ZYE     じぇ    JE      じぇ    DYE     ぢぇ    BYE   びぇ
 ZYO     じょ    JO      じょ    DYO     ぢょ    BYO   びょ
 
 PYA     ぴゃ    VA      ぶぁ ( ヴぁ )           KYA   きゃ
                 VI      ぶぃ ( ヴぃ )
 PYU     ぴゅ    VU      ぶ   ( ヴ   )           KYU   きゅ
 PYE     ぴぇ    VE      ぶぇ ( ヴぇ )           KYE   きぇ
 PYO     ぴょ    VO      ぶぉ ( ヴぉ )           KYO   きょ
 
 SYA     しゃ    SHA     しゃ    TYA     ちゃ
                 SHI     し      TYI     てぃ
 SYU     しゅ    SHU     しゅ    TYU     ちゅ
 SYE     しぇ    SHE     しぇ    TYE     ちぇ
 SYO     しょ    SHO     しょ    TYO     ちょ
 
 CHA     ちゃ    NYA     にゃ    HYA     ひゃ    FA    ふぁ
 CHI     ち                                      FI    ふぃ
 CHU     ちゅ    NYU     にゅ    HYU     ひゅ    FU    ふ
 CHE     ちぇ    NYE     にぇ    HYE     ひぇ    FE    ふぇ
 CHO     ちょ    NYO     にょ    HYO     ひょ    FO    ふぉ
 
 MYA     みゃ    LA      ら      RYA     りゃ    LYA   りゃ
                 LI      り
 MYU     みゅ    LU      る      RYU     りゅ    LYU   りゅ
 MYE     みぇ    LE      れ      RYE     りぇ    LYE   りぇ
 MYO     みょ    LO      ろ      RYO     りょ    LYO   りょ
 
 KWA     くゎ    GWA     ぐゎ    TSA     つぁ    QA    くぁ
 KWI     くぃ    GWI     ぐぃ    TSI     つぃ    QI    くぃ
 KWU     く      GWU     ぐ      TSU     つ      QU    く
 KWE     くぇ    GWE     ぐぇ    TSE     つぇ    QE    くぇ
 KWO     くぉ    GWO     ぐぉ    TSO     つぉ    QO    くぉ
 
 N       ん
 N'      ん
 
 XA      ぁ      \A      ぁ      XYA     ゃ      \YA   ゃ
 XI      ぃ      \I      ぃ
 XU      ぅ      \U      ぅ      XYU     ゅ      \YU   ゅ
 XE      ぇ      \E      ぇ
 XO      ぉ      \O      ぉ      XYO     ょ      \YO   ょ

 XTU     っ      \TU     っ      XTI     てぃ    XWI   うぃ
 XTSU    っ      \TSU    っ      XDI     でぃ    XWE   うぇ
 XWA     ゎ      \WA     ゎ      XDU     どぅ    XWO   うぉ
 XKA   ( ヵ )    \KA   ( ヵ )    XDE     でぇ
 XKE   ( ヶ )    \KE   ( ヶ )    XDO     どぉ
 
 -       ー      /       ・      Z.      …
 ,       、      [       「      Z-      〜
 .       。      ]       」
 
 母音の次に長音がきた場合、次のように確定する。
 A^      ああ    A~      ああ
 I^      いい    I~      いい
 U^      うう    U~      うう
 E^      えい    E~      えい
 O^      おう    O~      おう
 
 M の次に B M P のいずれかがきた場合、M を"ん"に確定する。

 K S T H Y R W G Z D B P C F J V の内いずれかが、連続して入力さ
れた場合、初めの文字を、"っ"に確定する。
.SH 関連項目
.sv 1
.nf
uum(1), mode(4), オートマトン(3)


