.\"
.\"   $Id: ./cvt_key.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH CVT_KEY_TBL \  "28 January 1992" 
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
cvt_key_tbl	かな漢字変換フロントエンドプロセッサ(uum) キーコード変換表ファイル
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i 
/usr/local/lib/wnn/cvt_key_tbl (デフォルト)
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
terminfo から、キーボードの発生する文字列のデータを知り、これを、設定された
ータにしたがって、１バイトの文字に変換する。
この時、タイムアウト処理を行い、変換途中の文字列の続きが１秒以上入力されな
かったら、無変換で出力される。

書式
  [ terminfo エントリ ＜空白文字＞ コード ] ( SYSV の場合 )
  [ termcap  エントリ ＜空白文字＞ コード ] ( BSD の場合 )

\';' で始まる行は、コメントになる。

変換の対象となる terminfo のエントリ

  kf0,  kf1,  kf2,  kf3,  kf4,  kf5,  kf6,  kf7,  kf8,
  kf9,  kf10, kf11, kf12, kf13, kf14, kf15, kf16, kf17,
  kf18, kf19, kf20, kf21, kf22, kf23, kf24, kf25, kf26,
  kf27, kf28, kf29, kf30, kf31,
  kbs, ktbc, kclr, kctab, kdch1, kdl1, kcud1, krmir,
  kel, ked, khome, kich1, kil1, kcub1, kll, knp, kpp,
  kcuf1, kind, kri, khts, kcuu1,

変換の対象となる termcap のエントリ

  cs, rc, sc, se, so, us, ue, cm, ce, cl, bl, li, co

コードの表記

 １．空白文字、\\, ^ を除く１文字
        その文字そのものを表す。

 ２．^文字
        文字は、@,A(a),B(b),C(c),D(d),E(e),F(f)...Z(z),
        [,\\,],^,_, であり、
        ^@ は、コントロール + スペース(0x00)
        ^A は、コントロール + A (0x01)
		.
		.
        ^_ は、コントロール + _ (0x1f)
        を表す。

 ３．\\8進数, \\o8進数, \\d10進数, \\x16進数
        文字コードを直接書く場合。

 ４．\\n, \\t, \\b, \\r, \\f, \\e, \\E のいずれか
        それぞれ、NEWLINE, TAB, BACKSPACE, CR, FORMFEED,
        ESC, ESC を表す。

 ５．\\文字
        文字は、0 〜 7, o, d, x, n, t, b, r, f, e, E,
        以外の文字。\\ 自身を表す場合は、"\\\\" とする。
.SH 設定例
.HP 0
.IP
    kf1         \\x81
    kf2         \\x82
    kf3         \\x83
    kf4         \\x84
    kcud1       \\x92
    kcub1       \\x91
    kcuf1       \\x90
    kcuu1       \\x93
.SH 注意事項
.HP 0
.IP
この表によって変換されたコードは、次にローマ字かな変換オートマトンの表である
2A_CTRL(デフォルト)によって評価され、更にuumkeyによって評価される。
.SH 関連項目
.sv 1
.nf
uum(1), 2A_CTRL(4), uumkey(4)


