.\"
.\" $Id: killxw.man,v 1.1.1.1 2000/01/16 05:07:58 ura Exp $
.\"

.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright 1992 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology
.\"
.\" Author: OMRON SOFTWARE Co., Ltd. <freewnn@rd.kyoto.omronsoft.co.jp>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with GNU Emacs; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the
.\" Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" Commentary:
.\"
.\" Change log:
.\"
.\" Last modified date: 8,Feb.1999
.\"

.TH KILLXWNMO 1 "Release 5" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
killxwnmo \- kill the input manager xwnmo(1X). 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B killxwnmo
[\-9]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIkillxwnmo\fP requires termination of the input manager \fIxwnmo\fP.
If the owner of \fIkillxwnmo\fP process is not same as that of \fIxwnmo\fP
process, that requirement will fail.
And if more than zero client(s) is(are) connecting to \fIxwnmo\fP,
that requirement will fail.
But with \-9 option, that requirement will success even if
more than zero client(s) is(are) connecting to \fIxwnmo\fP.
"SEE ALSO"
xwnmo(1X)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 1992 by OMRON Corporation
.br
Copyright 1992 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology
.SH AUTHOR
Seiji Kuwari (OMRON Corporation)
