.\"
.\" $Id: cvtmt.man,v 1.2.2.1 1999/02/08 08:09:12 yamasita Exp $
.\"

.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright 1991, 1992 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology
.\"
.\" Author: OMRON SOFTWARE Co., Ltd. <freewnn@rd.kyoto.omronsoft.co.jp>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with GNU Emacs; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the
.\" Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" Commentary:
.\"
.\" Change log:
.\"
.\" Last modified date: 8,Feb.1999
.\"

.TH CVTMT 4 "Release 5" "X Version 11"
.SH 名称
cvt_meta_tbl \- Ｘウィンドウ・インプットマネージャー(xwnmo(1X))用
メタキー変換テーブル
.SH 形式
.B /usr/local/lib/wnn/cvt_meta_tbl (デフォルト)
.SH 解説
\fIXLookupString()\fP で返されたメタキーのコード(\fIKeySym\fP) を、
１バイトの文字(\fIWnn code\fP) へ変換するためのテーブルです。
.PP
.TP 8
.B コーディンクフォーマット:
[ \fIKeySym-entry\fP <space_character> \fPWnn-code\fP ]
.PP
セミコロン (;) で始まる行は、コメント行です。
.TP 8
.B コードの記述法
0??             ---> ８進数
.br
0x?? or 0X??    ---> １６進数
.br
??              ---> １０進数
.SH サンプル
Left            0x9A
.br
Up              0x99
.br
Right           0x9B
.br
Down            0x9C
.br
F11             0x95
.br
F12             0x96
.br
F13             0x97
.br
F14             0x98
.br
minus           0x81
.br
asciicircum     0x82
.br
backslash       0x83
.SH 注意
このテーブルにより変換されたコードは、オートマトンテーブルである
\fI2A_CTRL\fP (デフォルト)で評価され、その後、\fIuumkey\fP により評価
されます。
.SH 関連項目
xwnmo(1X), 2A_CTRL(4_JT), uumkey(4_JT), cvt_fun_tbl(4X)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 1991, 1992 by OMRON Corporation
.br
Copyright 1991, 1992 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology
.SH AUTHOR
Seiji Kuwari (OMRON Corporation)
