.\"
.\" $Id: killxw.man,v 1.1.2.1 1999/02/08 08:09:13 yamasita Exp $
.\"

.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright 1992 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology
.\"
.\" Author: OMRON SOFTWARE Co., Ltd. <freewnn@rd.kyoto.omronsoft.co.jp>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with GNU Emacs; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the
.\" Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" Commentary:
.\"
.\" Change log:
.\"
.\" Last modified date: 8,Feb.1999
.\"

.TH KILLXWNMO 1 "Release 5" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
killxwnmo \- インプット・マネージャxwnmo(1X)の終了コマンド
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B killxwnmo
[\-9]
.SH 解説
The \fIkillxwnmo\fP は、インプットマネージャ\fIxwnmo\fPに対して、
終了の要求を出します。
もし、\fIkillxwnmo\fPのプロセスのオーナが\fIxwnmo\fPのプロセスのオーナと
同一ではない場合は、その要求は失敗します。
また、一つ以上のクライアントが\fIxwnmo\fPに接続している場合も、
その要求は失敗します。
しかし、\-9オプションをつけた場合は、たとえ、クライアントが接続
していても、終了の要求は成功します。
.SH 関連項目
xwnmo(1X)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 1992 by OMRON Corporation
.br
Copyright 1992 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology
.SH AUTHOR
Seiji Kuwari (OMRON Corporation)
