.\"
.\"   $Id: dic_add.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:33 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JS_DIC_ADD \  "2 October 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
js_dic_add()	使用辞書を追加する。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jslib.h"

int
js_dic_add(env,fid,hfid, rev, jnice,rw,hrw, pw1, pw2)
struct wnn_env *env;	/* 環境 */
int fid;		/* 辞書ファイルID */
int hfid;		/* 頻度ファイルID */
int rev;		/* 逆変換かどうか */
int jnice;		/* 優先度 */
int rw;			/* 辞書がリードオンリか否か */
int hrw;		/* 頻度ファイルがリードオンリか否か */
char *pw1;		/* 辞書のパスワード */
char *pw2;		/* 頻度ファイルのパスワード */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
環境 env にファイルID fid の自立語辞書を追加する。              (最大
WNN_MAX_JISHO_OF_AN_ENV 個まで可能である。
WNN_MAX_JISHO_OF_AN_ENV の値は、現在のバージョンでは 30 である。)
これにより、変換にその辞書を参照する。

頻度ファイルID hid で頻度ファイルを指定する。

rw, hrw で、辞書、頻度ファイルが、読み取り専用か否かを指定する。
.nf
.ta 0.3i 2.5i
	    WNN_DIC_RDONLY	読み取り専用
	    WNN_DIC_RW	読み取り/書き込み可能
.fi
固定形式辞書、読み取り専用辞書には、単語登録/削除ができない。

rev  で、逆変換を行なうかどうか、指定する。
.nf
.ta 0.3i 2.5i
	    WNN_DIC_ADD_REV	逆変換
	    WNN_DIC_ADD_NOR	通常の変換
.fi
逆引き形式辞書に対してしか、逆変換は行なうことができない。

辞書、頻度ファイルのパスワードがあれば、それぞれ pw1, pw2 で指定する。
(そのパスワードの文字列の長さは、最大16文字である)

すでに使用されている辞書の頻度ファイルのみを変更することも可能である。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には、辞書番号を返す。
異常終了時には、-1 を返す。
.fi

