.\"
.\"   $Id: hd_cr_cl.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:33 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JS_HINDO_CREAT_CL \  "3 October 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2.5i
js_hindo_file_create_client()	クライアント・サイトに辞書ファイルの
                             	頻度ファイルを作る。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jslib.h"

int
js_hindo_file_create_client(env,fid,fn,com,hpasswd)
struct wnn_env *env;	/* 環境 */
int fid;		/* 辞書ファイルのID */
char *fn;		/* ファイル名 */
w_char *com;		/* コメント */	
char *hpasswd;		/* パスワード */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
辞書ファイルID fid の頻度ファイルを作る。
頻度ファイル名 fn の最大文字数は、100 文字である。
頻度ファイルのコメント comment の最大文字数は、512 文字である。
頻度ファイルのパスワード hpasswd の最大文字数は、16 文字である。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には、0 を返す。
異常終了時には、-1 を返す。
.fi

