.\"
.\"   $Id: hinsi_dct.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:33 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JS_HINSI_DICTS \  "30 September 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
js_hinsi_dicts()	ある品詞の単語が登録可能な辞書の一覧を得る
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jslib.h"

int
js_hinsi_dicts(env, no,  rb)
struct wnn_env *env;
int no;
struct wnn_ret_buf *rb;
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
no の番号の品詞の単語を登録可能な辞書の一覧を得る。返値として
辞書の個数を返し、rb の先に、辞書番号(int)の配列が入れて返され
る。

登録可能な辞書は、辞書ごとに存在する品詞ノードの情報を元に調べ
られ、もし辞書が登録可能なモードで使われており、品詞ノードの情
報の中にその番号の品詞が存在していれば、その品詞はその辞書に登
録可能とみなされる。また、no として -1 が与えられれば、登録可
能なモードで使われている辞書の一覧が得られる。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
その品詞の語が登録可能な辞書の個数を返す。
異常終了時には -1 を返す。
.fi
