.\"
.\"   $Id: word_srch.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:34 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JS_WORD_SEARCH \  "3 October 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2.5i
js_word_search()	辞書から単語を検索する。
js_word_search_by_env()	環境の内の全ての辞書から単語を検索する。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jslib.h"

int
js_word_search(env,dic_no,yomi,ret)
struct wnn_env *env;		/* 環境 */
int dic_no;			/* 辞書番号 */
w_char *yomi;			/* 読み */
struct wnn_ret_buf *ret;

int
js_word_search_by_env(env,yomi,ret)
struct wnn_env *env;		/* 環境 */
w_char *yomi;			/* 読み */
struct wnn_ret_buf *ret;
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
js_word_search は、辞書番号 dic の辞書から読み yomi で指定される項目を
検索する。

js_word_search_by_env は、環境 env の全ての辞書から読み yomi で指定され
る項目を検索する。

読みの最大文字数は、256文字である。
検索結果は、ret->buf から struct wnn_jdata の配列が項目数だけ返される。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には、検索された項目数を返す。
異常終了時には、-1 を返す。
.fi

