.\"
.\"   $Id: word_add.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:34 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JS_WORD_ADD \  "3 October 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
js_word_add()		辞書に単語を登録する。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jslib.h"

int
js_word_add(env,dic_no,yomi,kanji,comment,hinshi,init_hindo)
struct wnn_env *env;	/* 環境 */
int dic_no;		/* 辞書番号 */
w_char *yomi;		/* 読み */
w_char *kanji;		/* 漢字 */
w_char *comment;	/* コメント */	
int hinshi;		/* 品詞 */
int init_hindo;		/* 頻度初期値 */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
辞書番号 dic の辞書に漢字 kanji, 読み yomi, コメント comment, 品詞 hinsi,
頻度初期値 init_hindo の語を登録する。
漢字と読みとコメントの合計最大文字数は、127文字である。
辞書がない、または、辞書が、固定形式辞書、読み込み専用の場合は、エラーと
なる。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には、0 を返す。
異常終了時には、-1 を返す。
.fi

