.\"
.\"   $Id: cwnn.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:34 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH CWNN \  "13 May 1992"
.SH NAME
cWnn \- A Chinese Input System Running on Unix Workstations.
.ad
.SH DESCRIPTION
cWnn provides a wide range of input methods, satisfying the
needs of Chinese users all over the world, including 
P.R.China and Taiwan.  

Besides, it is capable of converting an arbitrary sequence 
of Pinyin/Zhuyin into the expected Hanzi and caters for 
error tolerance in the four tones.  
.sp 0
cWnn has standardized Pinyin and Zhuyin and it provides an 
ideal input environment for all users.
.na
.SH COMMANDS AVAILABLE IN MAN FILE
1. Startup of the server               \- cserver
.sp 0
2. Startup of the front-end processor  \- cuum
.sp 0
3. Current usage status of the server  \- cwnnstat
.sp 0
4. Termination of the server           \- cwnnkill
.sp 0
5. Rewrite of dictionary header        \- cwnntouch
.SH UTILITIES AVAILABLE IN MAN FILE
1. Creation of binary format dictionary          \- catod
.sp 0
2. Restoration of text format dictionary         \- cdtoa
.sp 0
3. Creation of binary format grammar file        \- catof
.sp 0
4. Registration of characters/words into a       \- cwdreg
   specified dictionary
.sp 0
5. Deletion of characters/words from a specified \- cwddel
   dictionary
.sp 0
6. Sorting of a specified text format dictionary \- cdicsort
.SH MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION
1. cWnn installation                   \- cinstall
.sp 0
2. cWnn startup and termination        \- cstartend
.sp 0
3. cWnn function keys                  \- ckey
.sp 0
4. cWnn environment operation function \- cenv
