.\"
.\"   $Id: ./wnnkill.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH WNNKILL \  "28 January 1992" 
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
wnnkill	サーバを終了させる。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i 
/usr/local/bin/Wnn4/wnnkill [-J|U|S] [-L] [hostname]
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
hostname で示されるマシンのサーバを使用しているクライアントがいる
場合、サーバの使用者数を返す。
hostname で示されるマシンのサーバを使用しているクライアントがない
場合、サーバを終了させる。
hostname が省略された場合は、UNIX-Domain のサーバを調べる。

以下のオプションにより動作を指定する。
.TP 8
-J
JIS コードで出力する。
.TP 8
-U
UJIS コードで出力する。(デフォルト)
.TP 8
-S
SJIS コードで出力する。
.TP 8
-L
LANG名を指定する。zh_CNを指定した場合、cserverが対象となる。
デフォルトは、ja_JP つまりjserverである。
.PP
