.\"
.\"   $Id: pubdic.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:31 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH PUBDIC \  "28 January 1992" 
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
PUBDIC		固定形式辞書
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i 
/usr/local/lib/wnn/dic/ja_JP/pubdic/*.dic
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
uum(1)のかな漢字変換で使用される固定形式辞書である。
辞書の設定方法は、wnnenvrc(4)を参照のこと。
各ユーザごとの頻度ファイルは、uum が起動される時に、デフォルトを

    JSERVER_DIR/usr/ユーザ名/頻度ファイル名

の形に作成する。(ただし、path は、uumrc(4) の内容に依存する。)
JSERVER_DIR は、jserverrc(4) の中で、jserver_dir によって設定される。

また、当システムが用意している固定形式辞書は、以下の１０本である
(上記 * の部分)。

    kihon    基本辞書 ( 第１水準 )             約 22,000 語
    tankan   単漢辞書 ( 第１水準 )             約  3,000 語
    chimei   地名辞書 ( 第１水準 )             約  5,000 語
    jinmei   人名辞書 ( 第１水準 )             約  2,000 語
    setsuji  接頭接尾語辞書 ( 第１水準 )       約    900 語
    computer 情報処理辞書 ( 第１水準 )         約    800 語
    bio      生物学関連用語 ( 第１水準 )       約    500 語
    koyuu    人名地名以外の固有名詞辞書 ( 第１水準 )
                                               約    200 語
    koyuu    記号の一般呼称辞書 ( 第１水準 )   約    200 語
    special  特殊語辞書 ( 第１水準 )           約     20 語

.SH 関連項目
.sv 1
.nf
uum(1), jserver(1), wnnenvrc(4), jserverrc(4), dtoa(1), atod(1).


