.\"
.\"   $Id: atof.man,v 1.1 2001/06/18 09:09:49 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000, 2001
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH ATOF \  "30 April 2001" 
.SH NAME
.sv 1
.nf 
.ta 0.1i 2i
atof	Convert Function Word Information to Special Format
.fi
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i 
atof <\fIfzk.data_filename\fR> 
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.HP 0
.IP
atof takes UJIS style EUC encoded information about function words
(fuzokugo: fzk(4)) from standard input and outputs it in a special
format (fzk.data(4)).

If the input contains information about separate entries with the same
pronunciation and part of speech, atof combines them into a single
function word and outputs a message to stderr.   The adjacency
information of the new function word will be the disjunction of the
information of the separate entries.    (For example, when the stem and
inflecting part of an inflecting word are defined separately.) 

.SH FILES
.HP 0
.IP
atof is not normally installed into /usr/local/bin or /usr/bin.
Instead it can be found at:
.br
.PD 0
.B	/usr/local/bin/Wnn4/atof (default)
.PD
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.sv 1
.nf
fzk.u(4), fzk.data(4)
