.\"
.\"   $Id: ./cst_end.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH CSTARTEND \  "13 May 1992"
.SH NAME
cstartend \- cWnn Startup and Termination
.ad
.SH DESCRIPTION
.IP 1.
Startup of cserver
.sp 0
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
.sp 0
To start up cWnn, first, you need to start the cserver.  Type the following 
command at the C Shell prompt:
.sp 0
     %  cserver  <CR>  

The default path of cserver is "/usr/local/bin/cWnn4/".  If the user has 
not set this path, he can either set it and type the command directly, 
or type the full pathname of cserver while executing this command.

cserver will only be started up once.  You may confirm the existence of 
cserver by using the "cwnnstat" command.
.IP 2.
Startup of client module, cuum
.sp 0
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
.sp 0
After starting cserver, the cWnn client module "cuum" may be started up. 

To start "cuum", type the following command at the C Shell prompt of a 
Chinese window:
.sp 0
     %  cuum  <CR>

To activate other input environments, you may use the "-r" option of the 
"cuum" command together with the default path of that environment.  
For example, to activate Pinyin input environment, do the following:
.sp 0
     %  cuum  -r  /usr/local/lib/wnn/zh_CN/rk_p  <CR> 

The default path for "cuum" is  
.sp 0
"/usr/local/bin/cWnn4/".  Many cuum's 
may be started at the same time on different windows.  Each of them will 
be registered as a client at the cserver. 

After a startup message, the client module, cuum, is ready to be used.
To enter the input mode, press ^\\.  
.sp 0
To leave the input mode, press ^\\ again.  
.sp 0
To confirm the existence of cuum, you may also use ^\\.

.IP 3. 
Termination of cuum 
.sp 0
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
.sp 0
In order to terminate a client process, press ^D.

The cserver will save all the usage frequency files and dictionaries of 
the particular client and terminate the connection between itself and 
that client.
.IP 4.
Termination of cserver 
.sp 0
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
.sp 0
To terminate the cserver, type the following command:
.sp 0
      % cwnnkill  <CR>

If some other clients still exist, a message will be displayed.  In this 
case, you have to termiante all other client modules before you can 
terminate the cserver.
.SH NOTE
.IP 1.
For details, refer to cWnn Manual Ver.4.1, Chapter 2.
