.\"
.\" $Id: xjutil.man,v 1.1.2.1 1999/02/08 07:43:42 yamasita Exp $
.\"

.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright 1991 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology
.\"
.\" Author: OMRON SOFTWARE Co., Ltd. <freewnn@rd.kyoto.omronsoft.co.jp>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with GNU Emacs; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the
.\" Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" Commentary:
.\"
.\" Change log:
.\"
.\" Last modified date: 8,Feb.1999
.\"

.TH XJUTIL 4 "Release 5" "X Version 11"
.SH 名称
xjutil \- 辞書ユーティリティ・マネージャ
.SH 形式
.B /usr/bin/xjutil \fIディスプレイ名 アトム名 カウンタ\fP
.SH 解説
\fIXjutil\fP は、\fIWnn\fP の辞書を操作するための辞書ユーティリティ
・マネージャです。これは、\fIxwnmo\fP より自動的に起動されます。
.SH 操作
\fIXjutil\fP は、\fIWnn\fP の辞書に対して、以下の操作を行ないます。
.TP 8
.B 辞書追加:
現在の環境に新しい辞書を追加します。
.TP 8
.B 辞書一覧:
現在使用している辞書の一覧を表示します。
.TP 8
.B 登録:
個人辞書に対して登録を行ないます。
.TP 8
.B 検索:
読みによる検索を行ないます。また、表示されたエントリでボタンを押すことにより、
そのエントリに対して、操作が行なえます。(削除/使用不可/使用可/コメント)
.TP 8
.B パラメータ変更:
現在の変換環境のパラメータを変更します。
.TP 8
.B 辞書情報:
現在使用している辞書の詳しい情報を表示します。また、表示された
エントリでボタンを押すことにより、そのエントリに対して、
操作が行なえます。(削除/使用不可/使用可/コメント)
.TP 8
.B 附属語変更:
附属語ファイルを変更します。
.SH 関連項目
xwnmo(1X)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 1991 by OMRON Corporation
.br
Copyright 1991 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology
.SH AUTHOR
Seiji Kuwari (OMRON Corporation)
