.\"
.\"   $Id: c_zenko.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:32 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JL_C_ZENKOUHO \  "1 October 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
jl_c_zenkouho()		全候補中、注目している候補番号の取りだし。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3.i
#include "jllib.h"

int
jl_c_zenkouho(buf)
struct wnn_buf *buf;	/* バッファ */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP	
全候補中、注目している候補を取りだす。返値として、現在表示中の文節が、
次候補列の内の何番目の候補であるかを返す。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
現在選択中の文節の、オフセットを返す。
.fi
