.\"
.\"   $Id: dic_save.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:32 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JL_DIC_SAVE \  "2 October 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.fi
.ta 0.1i 2.5i
jl_dic_save()		指定された辞書をセーブする。
jl_dic_save_e()		指定された辞書をセーブする。

jl_dic_save_all()	全ての辞書をセーブする。
jl_dic_save_all_e()	全ての辞書をセーブする。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jllib.h"

int
jl_dic_save(buf,dic_no)
struct wnn_buf *buf;		/* バッファ */
int     dic_no;			/* 辞書番号 */

int
jl_dic_save_e(env,dic_no)
struct wnn_env *env;		/* 環境 */
int     dic_no;			/* 辞書番号 */

int
jl_dic_save_all(buf)
struct wnn_buf *buf;		/* バッファ */

int
jl_dic_save_all_e(env)
struct wnn_env *env;		/* 環境 */

jl_dic_save_all は、バッファ buf 内のすべての辞書、及び付随する頻度ファ
イルをセーブする。
jl_dic_save_all_e は、環境 env 内のすべての辞書、及び付随する頻度ファイ
ルをセーブする。

辞書がサーバ・サイトのファイルの場合はサーバ側へセーブする。
クライアント・サイトの場合はクライアント側へファイルをダウン
ロードする。
 
頻度ファイルがあれば、サーバ・サイトのファイルの場合はサーバ側
へセーブする。クライアント・サイトのファイルの場合はクライアン
ト側へファイルをダウンロードする。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には、0を返す。
異常終了時には、-1 を返す。
.fi
.SH 使用上の注意
.HP 0
.IP
他のクライアントがクライアント・サイトから読み込んだ辞書や頻度
ファイルについては、セーブができないことがある。
