.\"
.\"   $Id: param_get.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:32 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JL_PARAM_GET \  "30 September 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
jl_param_get()		変換パラメータの設定を取り出す。
jl_param_get_e()	変換パラメータの設定を取り出す。

jl_param_set()		変換パラメータを設定する。
jl_param_set_e()	変換パラメータを設定する。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jllib.h"

int
jl_param_get(buf, param)
struct wnn_buf *buf;		/* バッファ */
struct wnn_param *param;	/* パラメータ */

int
jl_param_get_e(env, para)
struct wnn_env *env;		/* 環境 */
struct wnn_param *para;		/* パラメータ */

int
jl_param_set(buf, param)
struct wnn_buf *buf;		/* バッファ */
struct wnn_param *param;	/* パラメータ */

int
jl_param_set_e(env, para)
struct wnn_env *env;		/* 環境 */
struct wnn_param *para;		/* パラメータ */

struct wnn_param {
.ta 0.3i 0.8i 1.3i
		int     n;      /* Ｎ(大)文節解析のＮ */
		int     nsho;   /* 大文節中の小文節の最大数 */
		int     p1;     /* 幹語の頻度のパラメータ */
		int     p2;     /* 小文節長のパラメータ */
		int     p3;     /* 幹語長のパラメータ */
		int     p4;     /* 今使ったよビットのパラメータ */
		int     p5;     /* 辞書のパラメータ */
		int     p6;     /* 小文節の評価値のパラメータ */
		int     p7;     /* 大文節長のパラメータ */
		int     p8;     /* 小文節数のパラメータ */
		int     p9;     /* 疑似品詞 数字の頻度 */
		int     p10;    /* 疑似品詞 カナの頻度 */
		int     p11;    /* 疑似品詞 英数の頻度 */
		int     p12;    /* 疑似品詞 記号の頻度 */
		int     p13;    /* 疑似品詞 閉括弧の頻度 */
		int     p14;    /* 疑似品詞 付属語の頻度 */
		int     p15;    /* 疑似品詞 開括弧の頻度 */
		};
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
jl_param_getは、バッファ buf 内の環境の変換パラメータを param に取り出す。
jl_param_get_eは、環境 env に対してパラメータの設定を param に取り出す。

jl_param_set は、バッファ buf の環境の変換パラメータを param に設定する。
jl_param_set_e は、環境 env の変換パラメータを param に設定する。

.nf
.ta 0.1i 1.7i
	<小文節の評価値> =	p1 * <頻度> +
			  	p2 * <小文節長> +
			  	p3 * <自立語長さ> +
			  	p4 * <今使ったよビット> +
			  	p5 * <辞書プライオリティ>

	<大文節の評価値> =	p6 * <小文節の評価値の合計> / <小文節数> +
			  	p7 * <大文節長> +
			  	p8 * <小文節数> +
			
	で評価値を求め、変換候補の順位を決定する。

	n, nsho は 1 以上の整数でなければならない。
	p1, p2, p3, p4, p5, p6, p7, p8, p9,...,p15 は任意の整数である。
.fi
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には 0 を返す。
異常終了時には、-1 を返す。
.fi

