.\"
.\"   $Id: ren_conv.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:32 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JL_REN_CONV \  "2 October 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
jl_ren_conv()		連文節変換する。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i	
#include "jllib.h"

int
jl_ren_conv(buf, yomi, bun_no, bun_no2, use_maep)
struct wnn_buf *buf;	/* バッファ */
w_char *yomi;		/* 読み */
int bun_no;		/* 文節番号1 */
int bun_no2;		/* 文節番号2 */
int use_maep;		/* 前後の接続を使う/否 */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
文節番号 bun_no から 文節番号 bun_no2 の前までの文節を削除し、読み yomi 
を連文節変換した結果を挿入する。

use_maep で前後の接続の指定をする。

WNN_USE_MAE ならば、bun_no の前の小文節との接続を考慮して変換を行なう。
すなわち、最前端の文節として、前の小文節と接続して大文節を作るような
小文節は最優先され、つぎに、文節の前が大文節の区切りとなるような
小文節が優先され、最後に、大文節の区切りとならない文節が優先される。
WNN_USE_MAE が立っていない場合には、最前端の文節の前が大文節の区切りとな
るような文節のみを選択する。

WNN_USE_ATO ならば、後ろへの接続を見る。

WNN_USE_ZENGO なら、前後両方とも見る。

bun_no = bun_no2 の時は、bun_no の前の位置に変換結果が挿入さ
れる。bun_no が文節数と等しい時は、現在の変換結果に変換結果を付け加える。
bun_no2 が文節数と等しい時は、bun_no から 後ろの文字列を変換結果に置き換える。
bun_no2 = -1 の時は、bun_no2 = 文節数 として、jl_ren_conv を行なう。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には文節数を返す。
異常終了時には -1 を返す。
.fi


