.\"
.\"   $Id: update_hd.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:32 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JL_UPDATE_HINDO \  "3 October 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2.5i
jl_update_hindo()	頻度更新する。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jllib.h"

int
jl_update_hindo(buf, bun_no, bun_no2)
struct wnn_buf *buf;	/* バッファ */
int bun_no;		/* 文節番号1 */
int bun_no2;		/* 文節番号2 */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
文節番号 bun_no から 文節番号 bun_no2までの文節で、今までに頻度更新を行なってい
ない文節に対して頻度更新する。それぞれの文節が頻度更新されたかどうかはバ
ッファ内に情報を持っているので、一つの文節に対して何度も頻度更新を行な
うことはない。

頻度の更新は、最終的に選択された単語の頻度のインクリメント、最
終的に選択された単語の今使ったよビットを立てる、誤変換の原因と
なったと思われる単語の今使ったよビットを落すという処理からなる。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には 0 を返す。
異常終了時には -1 を返す。
.fi

