.\"
.\"   $Id: word_use.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:33 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JL_WORD_USE \  "20 September 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
jl_word_use()	 エントリの無効/有効をトグルさせる。
jl_word_use_e()	 エントリの無効/有効をトグルさせる。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jllib.h"

extern int wnn_word_use_initial_hindo;

int
jl_word_use(buf, dic_no, entry)
struct wnn_buf *buf;	/* バッファ */
int dic_no;		/* 辞書番号 */
int entry;		/* エントリ番号 */

int
jl_word_use_e(env, dic_no, entry)
struct wnn_env *env;	/* 環境 */
int dic_no;		/* 辞書番号 */
int entry;		/* エントリ番号 */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
IP
辞書番号 dic_no のエントリ番号 entry の単語無効/有効をトグルさせる。

無効であったエントリを有効状態にした時の、頻度値、今使ったよビット値は、
グローバル変数 wnn_word_use_initial_hindo により、仮頻度で操作する。
デフォルトは、頻度 = 0、 今使ったよビット = off である。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には、0 を返す。
異常終了時には、-1 を返す。
.fi



