.\"
.\"   $Id: wdreg.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:34 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH WDREG \  "28 January 1992" 
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
wdreg	ＥＵＣテキストを元に、単語登録を行なう。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i 
/usr/local/bin/Wnn4/wdreg [-D ホスト名] [-n 環境名] [-d 辞書番号]
        [-L] [ファイル名] < テキスト
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
指定された jserver の環境の辞書に、ＥＵＣ形式の辞書 text の中の
単語をバッチ的に登録する。デフォルトのＥＵＣ形式は、ＵＪＩＳ形式である。
ＵＪＩＳ以外のＥＵＣ形式の辞書を変換する場合は、環境変数 CSWIDTH を
設定する。CSWISTH については、atod のマニュアルを参照のこと。


以下のオプションによって、動作を指定する。
.TP 8
-D ホスト名
サーバのホスト名を指定する。指定されない場合、環境変数JSERVERが参照される。
これもない場合は、UNIX_domainが使われる。
.TP 8
-n 環境名
環境名を指定する。デフォルトは "wdreg"である。
.TP 8
-d 辞書番号
辞書のシリアル番号を指定する。ファイル名と、このオプションは
同時には指定できない。ファイル名かこのオプション、どちらかを指定する。
.TP 8
-L
クライアント側の辞書が参照される。
