.\"
.\"   $Id: ./cwdreg.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH CWDREG \  "13 May 1992"
.SH NAME
cwdreg \- To register characters/words into the binary format 
         dictionary.
.SH SYNOPSIS
cwdreg   [-D 
.I server
]   -n 
.I envname  
.sp 0
         -d 
.I dicno   
<   
.I textdic
.sp 0
OR
.sp 0
cwdreg   [-D 
.I server
]   -n 
.I envname  
.sp 0
         -L 
.I filename   
<   
.I textdic
.SH DEFAULT PATH
/usr/local/bin/cWnn4/cwdreg
.ad
.SH DESCRIPTION
This function allows user to register characters/words into the specified 
binary dictionary, with either dictionary number 
.I dicno
or dictionary 
filename 
.I filename 
specified.

.I server 
is the machine name of the server.  If this is not specified, 
the default cserver indicated by the environment variable CSERVER will 
be taken.

"-n 
.I envname
"  must be  specified.   
.I envname 
is the environment name.  
You may execute "cwnnstat -E" to see the current environment name. 

Either "-d 
.I dicno
" or "-L 
.I filename
" must be specified.
.sp 0
.I dicno 
is the dictionary number.  
.I filename 
is the filename of the 
dictionary.  "-L" is used for when the dictionary is from the local machine.

"<" means to pipe the 
.I textdic 
as an input to "cwdreg" command.

.I textdic  
is the text file which user enters the characters/words to be 
registered.   The format of this text file must be the same as that in 
the system text format dictionary.  That is,
.na
.sp 0
 --------------------------------------------------
.sp 0
|  Pinyin      Word       Cixing        Frequency  | 
.sp 0
|   :           :          :              :        |
.sp 0
 --------------------------------------------------
.sp 0
.ad
Refer to cWnn manual for details on dictionary.
.sp 0
By using "cwdreg", all the characters/words in 
.I textdic 
will be 
registered into the specified binary dictionary permanently.
.SH NOTE
.IP 1.
The parts in [ ] are options.  They may be omitted.
