.\"
.\"   $Id: cwddel.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:35 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH CWDDEL \  "13 May 1992"
.SH NAME
cwddel \- To delete characters/words from the binary format 
         dictionary.
.SH SYNOPSIS
cwddel  [
.I server
]  
.I envname  
.I dicno   <   
.I textdic
.SH DEFAULT PATH
/usr/local/bin/cWnn4/cwddel
.ad
.SH DESCRIPTION
This function allows user to delete characters/words from the specified 
binary dictionary, with the dictionary number 
.I dicno 
specified.

.I server 
is the machine name of the server.  If this is not specified, 
the default cserver indicated by the environment variable CSERVER 
will be taken.

.I envname  
must be specified.  It is the environment name. You may execute 
"cwnnstat -E" to see the current environment name. 

.I dicno 
also must be specified.  This is the dictionary number.

"<" means to pipe the 
.I textdic 
as an input to "cwddel" command.

.I textdic 
is the user text file which contains the serial number of the 
characters/words to be deleted from the binary dictionary.  The serial 
number of the characters/words can be found by using environment 
operation "Word/character search".  

By using "cwddel", all the characters/words with serial number specified 
in  
.I textdic  
will be deleted from the specified binary dictionary 
permanently.
.SH NOTE
.IP 1. 
The parts in [ ] are options.  They may be omitted.
