.\"
.\" $Id: xwnmo.man,v 1.9.2.1 1999/02/08 08:09:11 yamasita Exp $
.\"

.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright 1992, 1992 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology
.\"
.\" Author: OMRON SOFTWARE Co., Ltd. <freewnn@rd.kyoto.omronsoft.co.jp>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with GNU Emacs; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the
.\" Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" Commentary:
.\"
.\" Change log:
.\"
.\" Last modified date: 8,Feb.1999
.\"

.TH XWNMO 1 "Release 5" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
xwnmo \- Input Manager of the X Window System Version 11
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xwnmo
[\-\fIoption\fP ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIxwnmo\fP is a input manager for Input Method of X Window System.
It is based on [\fIX Window System, Version 11 Input Method Specifications\fP].
It provides a multi-language input environment for multiple clients in the
X Window System Version 11. Clients can connect to it by using XIM library.
.PP
\fIxwnmo\fP supports multi-screen environment. \fIxwnmo\fP creates
one window for \fIRoot-mode\fP on each screen.
.PP
The conversion engine \fIxwnmo\fP use is the internationalized Wnn. 
It selects conversion server in accordance with language of clients.
How many languages \fIxwnmo\fP supports depend on the configuration
file (\fIximconf\fP). Please refer the manual of \fIximconf\fP.
.PP
.TP 8
\fIXwnmo\fP supports the following inputstyles:
( XIMPreeditArea | XIMStatusArea )
.br
( XIMPreeditPosition | XIMStatusArea )
.br
( XIMPreeditNothing | XIMStatusNothing )
.br
( XIMPreeditCallbacks | XIMStatusArea )
.br
( XIMPreeditArea | XIMStatusCallbacks )
.br
( XIMPreeditPosition | XIMStatusCallbacks )
.br
( XIMPreeditCallbacks | XIMStatusCallbacks )
.PP
If you attempt to connect \fIxwnmo\fP by using XIM library, You must
set modifiers \fI_XWNMO\fP.
.TP 8
Concretely,
XSetLocaleModifiers("@im=_XWNMO");
.br
or
.br
set environment
\fBXMODIFIERS\fP=@im=_XWNMO and XSetLocaleModifiers("");.
.PP
For feather information about XIM library, please see the chapter 13 of
Xdoc or [\fIX Window System, Version 11 Input Method Specifications\fP].
.PP
.SH XML
According to \fIInput Method Specifications\fP, the locale which input method
use is only one and static locale. Thence \fIxwnmo\fP provides only
one languange environment which depends on the current locale of
\fIXOpenIM\fP(). And you could not change this environment.
But if libX11.a was compiled with
.B XML
define, clients can use multi locale
environment. In other words, you can change current languange environment
on the fly by changing current locale. The way to use its environment
is the following:
.PP
.TP 8
.B Creating environment
Call \fIXmlOpenIM()\fP instead of XOpenIM() ,set
.B XNCurrentLanguage
argument of XIC and call \fIXCreateIC\fP(). So \fIxwnmo\fP attempts to
create as many language environment as possible and set current environment
to the locale set XNCurrentLanguage. If you don't set XNCurrentLanguage
current environment is the first environment \fIxwnmo\fP created.
A syntax of XNCurrentLanguage follows.
.br
.br
current_language = <language>'_'<territory>
.TP 8
.B Changing environment
If you want to change current languange environment, set
.B XNCurrentLanguage
argument and call \fIXSetICValues()\fP.
.PP
\fIXwnmo\fP accept that
.B XML
clients and
.B NON_XML
clients connect \fIxwnmo\fP at the same time.
.SH CHANGING LOCALE
\fIXwnmo\fP has two interfaces for changing current languange environment.
One is \fIchange_locale_ct\fP function. This function is good only when current
locale is \fIwr_WR.ct\fP. You can write it in \fIuumkey-file\fP.
A syntax of change_locale_ct follows.
.PP
change_locale_ct <key>  [ <key> ... ]
.PP
Other is \fIchange_locale\fP function. You can write it in \fIuumkey-file\fP.
A syntax of change_locale follows.
.PP
change_locale <key>  [ <key> ... ]
.PP
This function is good only when you
set
.B XNChangeLocaleCB
argument. The value of this argument is a pointer of callback function.
This function will be call by input method when you change current languange
environment of \fIxwnmo\fP. A interface of this function follows.
.PP
void ChangeLocaleCB(char *locale)
.PP
.SH XJp
\fIXwnmo\fP is able to support XJp protocol. If You compile \fIxwnmo\fP
with \fBXJP\fP define, it supports "Communication Kit" part of XJp protocol.
And if You compile \fIxwnmo\fP with \fBXJP\fP and \fBXJP_DIRECT\fP define,
it supports "Direct Interface" part of XJp protocol.
.PP
.SH SEP
\fIXwnmo\fP is able to support SEP(SpotLocation Extended Protocol).
If You compile \fIxwnmo\fP with \fBSPOT\fP define, it supports SEP.
And please use \fI_XipChangeSpot()\fP function. it's interface follows.
.PP
.TP 4
int \fB_XipChangeSpot\fP(\fIic\fP, \fIspot_x\fP, \fIspot_y\fP)
XIC ic;
.br
short spot_x, spot_y;
.PP
ic:		Specifies the input context.
.br
spot_x, spot_y:	Specifies the coordinates of the ``spot''.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
\fIXwnmo\fP accepts the following options:
.TP 8
.B \-D \fIserver-name\fP
This option specifies the machine name of conversion server.
If this isn't set, first \fIJSERVER\fP environment is referred. And if it
isn't set, \fIxwnmo\fP attempts to connect "\fIjserver\fP" machine.
And if it's connect failed, \fIxwnmo\fP attempts to connect local machine.
.TP 8
.B \-n \fIuser-name\fP
This option specifies the user name which is used as env-name of Wnn.
If this isn't set, first \fIWNNUSER\fP environment is referred. And if it
isn't set, the user name of process is referred.
.TP 8
.B \-lc \fIlanguage-name\fP
This option specifies the \fIlanguage name\fP which is referred as the
language environment of \fIRoot-mode\fP. If this isn't set, first
\fILANG\fP environment is referred. And if it isn't set, the default
is \fIja_JP\fP.
A syntax of language-name follows.
.br
.br
language = <language>'_'<territory>
.TP 8
.B \-k \fIuumkey-file-name\fP
This option specifies the path name of \fIuumkey-file\fP. For feather
information about \fIuumkey-file\fP, please see Wnn manual.
.TP 8
.B \-r \fIromkan-file-name\fP
This option specifies the directory name of \fIromkan-file\fP. For feather
information about \fIromkan-file\fP, please see Wnn manual.
.TP 8
.B \-X \fIconvert-key-file-name\fP
This option specifies the path name of \fIconvert-key-file\fP. The
\fIconvert-key-file\fP contains the relation between keys of X
and keys of Wnn. The default is "/usr/local/lib/wnn/cvt_xim_tbl".
For feather information about \fIconvert-key-file\fP, please see
the manual of \fIcvt_xim_tbl\fP.
.TP 8
.B \-F \fIconvert-function-file-name\fP
This option specifies the path name of \fIconvert-function-file\fP. The
\fIconvert-function-file\fP contains the relation between function keys of X
and keys of Wnn. This file is only for older version \fIxwnmo\fP.
Please use \fIcvt_xim_tbl\fP as much as possible.
For feather information about \fIconvert-function-file\fP, please see
the manual of \fIcvt_fun_tbl\fP.
.TP 8
.B \-M \fIconvert-meta-file-name\fP
This option specifies the path name of \fIconvert-meta-file\fP. The
\fIconvert-meta-file\fP contains the relation between meta keys of X and
keys of Wnn. This file is only for older version \fIxwnmo\fP.
Please use \fIcvt_xim_tbl\fP as much as possible.
For feather information about \fIconvert-meta-file\fP, please see
the manual of \fIcvt_meta_tbl\fP.
.TP 8
.B \-display \fIdisplay\fP
This option specifies the X server to connect; see \fIX(1)\fP.
.TP 8
.B \-help
This causes \fIxwnmo\fP to print out a verbose message describing its options.
.TP 8
.B \-ju \fIxjtuil-name\fP
This option specifies the path name of \fIxjutil\fP which is
\fIthe dictionary utility manager\fP.
The default is "/usr/bin/X11/xjutil".
.TP
.B \-EM
This causes that the menu for exit is available when a mouse pointer
is pushed on \fIRoot-mode\fP window.
The default is available.
.TP
.B \+EM
This causes that the menu for exit is disable.
Please use killxwnmo for exit.
.TP
.B \-SU
This causes that all windows xwnmo creates have SaveUnder attribute.
The default is those don't have.
.\"
.PP
The following options affects windows for \fIRoot-mode\fP on
all screens.
.\"
.TP 8
.B \-fs \fIfont-name-list\fP
This option specifies the list of font name. The fontset of \fIRoot-mode\fP
window is created from this list. The default is depend on the locale.
A syntax of this list follows.
.br
.br
font-name-list = <fontname>{','fontname}
.TP 8
.B \-geometry \fIgeometry\fP
This option specifies the preferred size and position of \fIRoot-mode\fP
window.
see \fIX(1)\fP
.TP 8
.B \-fg \fIcolor\fP
This option specifies the color to use for displaying text of \fIRoot-mode\fP
window. The default is ``black.''
.TP 8
.B \-bg \fIcolor\fP
This option specifies the color to use for the background of \fIRoot-mode\fP
window.
The default is ``white.''
.TP 8
.B \-bd \fIcolor\fP
This option specifies the color to use for the border of \fIRoot-mode\fP
window.
The default is ``black.''
.TP 8
.B \-bw \fInumber\fP
This option specifies the width in pixels of the border surrounding
\fIRoot-mode\fP window.
.TP 8
.B \-iconic
This option indicates that \fIxwnmo\fP should ask the window manager to
start it as an icon rather than as the normal window.
If the \-RV option is specified or "rootVisible" resource is specified
as ``True'', this option becomes void.
.TP 8
.B #\fIgeom\fP
This option specifies the preferred position of the icon window.
It is shorthand for specifying the ``\fI*iconGeometry\fP'' resource.
.TP 8
.B \-h
This causes \fIxwnmo\fP to wake up in conversion \fIoff\fP mode.
.TP 8
.B \-H
This causes \fIxwnmo\fP to wake up in conversion \fIon\fP mode.
The default is off mode.
.TP 8
.B \-RV
This causes \fIxwnmo\fP to unmap \fIRoot-mode\fP window
when henkan mode is off or no client uses \fIRoot-mode\fP.
This option make \-iconic option void and set "iconic"
resource as ``False''.
.SH RESOURCES
\fIXwnmo\fP accepts the following resource names and classes:
.TP 8
.B "serverName (\fPclass\fB ServerName)"
This option specifies the machine name of conversion server.
If this isn't set, first \fIJSERVER\fP environment is referred. And if it
isn't set, \fIxwnmo\fP attempts to connect "\fIjserver\fP" machine.
And if it's connect failed, \fIxwnmo\fP attempts to connect local machine.
.TP 8
.B "userName (\fPclass\fB UserName)"
Specifies the user name which is used as env-name of Wnn.
If this isn't set, first \fIWNNUSER\fP environment is referred. And if it
isn't set, the user name of process is referred.
.TP 8
.B "ximrcName (\fPclass\fB XimrcName)"
Specifies the path name of \fIximrc-file\fP which is a start up file of
\fIxwnmo\fP.
If this isn't set or there is not it, first \fI$HOME/.ximrc\fP is referred.
And if it doesn't
exist, the default is "/usr/local/lib/wnn/ximrc".
For feather information about \fIximrc-file\fP, please see the manual of
\fIximrc-file\fP.
.TP 8
.B "cvtximName (\fPclass\fB CvtximName)"
Specifies the path name \fIconvert-key-file\fP. The
\fIconvert-key-file\fP contains the relation between function keys of X
and keys of Wnn. The default is "/usr/local/lib/wnn/cvt_xim_tbl".
For feather information about \fIconvert-key-file\fP, please see
the manual of cvt_xim_tbl.
.TP 8
.B "cvtfunName (\fPclass\fB CvtfunName)"
Specifies the path name \fIconvert-function-file\fP. The
\fIconvert-function-file\fP contains the relation between function keys of X
and keys of Wnn. This file is only for older version \fIxwnmo\fP.
Please use \fIcvt_xim_tbl\fP as much as possible.
For feather information about \fIconvert-function-file\fP, please see
the manual of cvt_fun_tbl.
.TP 8
.B "cvtmetaName (\fPclass\fB CvtmetaName)"
Specifies the path name of \fIconvert-meta-file\fP. The
\fIconvert-meta-file\fP contains the relation between meta keys of X and
keys of Wnn. This file is only for older version \fIxwnmo\fP.
Please use \fIcvt_xim_tbl\fP as much as possible.
For feather information about \fIconvert-meta-file\fP, please see
the manual of cvt_meta_tbl.
.\".TP 8
.\".B "display (\fPclass\fB Display)"
.\"Specifies the X server to connect.
.TP 8
.B "xjutilName (\fPclass\fB XjutilName)"
Specifies the path name of \fIxjutil\fP which is \fIthe dictionary utility
manager\fP.
The default is "/usr/bin/X11/xjutil".
.TP 8
.B "langName (\fPclass\fB LangName)"
Specifies the \fIlocale name\fP which is referred as the
language environment of \fIRoot-mode\fP. If this isn't set, first
\fILANG\fP environment is referred. And if it isn't set, the default
is \fIja_JP\fP.
A syntax of language-name follows.
.br
.br
language = <language>'_'<territory>
.TP 8
.B "exitMenu (\fPclass\fB ExitMenu)"
Indicates that the menu for exit is available when a mouse pointer
is pushed on \fIRoot-mode\fP window.
The default is ``True''.
.TP
.B "saveUnder (\fPclass\fB SaveUnder)"
Indicates that all windows xwnmo creates have SaveUnder attribute.
The default is those don't have.
.\"
.PP
The following options can be specified for the window for
\fIRoot-mode\fP on each screen separately. the sub-name and sub-class
of each screen are \fBscreenN\fP and \fBScreenN\fP. Then \fBN\fP are
specified the number of screen.
.\"
.TP 8
.B "foreground (\fPclass\fB Foreground)"
Specifies the color to use for displaying text of \fIRoot-mode\fP window.
The default is ``black''.
.TP 8
.B "background (\fPclass\fB Background)"
Specifies the color to use for the background of \fIRoot-mode\fP window.
The default is ``white''.
.TP 8
.B "borderColor (\fPclass\fB BorderColor)"
Specifies the color to use for the border of \fIRoot-mode\fP window.
The default is ``black''.
.TP 8
.B "iconic (\fPclass\fB Iconic)"
Indicates that \fIxwnmo\fP should ask the window manager to
start it as an icon rather than as the normal window.
If the \-RV option is specified or "rootVisible" resource is specified
as ``True'', this resource is specified as ``False''.
The default is ``False''.
.TP 8
.B "geometry (\fPclass\fB Geometry)"
Specifies the preferred size and position of \fIRoot-mode\fP window.
.TP 8
.B "iconGeometry (\fPclass\fB IconGeometry)"
Specifies the preferred position of the icon window.
.TP 8
.B "borderWidth (\fPclass\fB BorderWidth)"
Specifies the width in pixels of the border surrounding \fIRoot-mode\fP window.
.TP 8
.B "fontSet (\fPclass\fB FontSet)"
Specifies the list of font name. The fontset of \fIRoot-mode\fP window
is created from this list. The default is depend on the locale.
A syntax of this list follows.
.br
.br
font-name-list = <fontname>{','fontname}
.TP 8
.B "rootVisible (\fPclass\fB RootVisible)"
Indicates that \fIxwnmo\fP should unmap \fIRoot-mode\fP window
when henkan mode is off or no client uses \fIRoot-mode\fP.
The default is ``False''.
This resource make \-iconic option void and set "iconic"
resource as ``False''.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
killxwnmo(1X), ximrc(4X), cvt_xim_tbl(4X), cvt_fun_tbl(4X), cvt_meta_tbl(4X)
.br
\fIWnn Manual\fP (in the Wnn source directory)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 1992, 1992 by OMRON Corporation
.br
Copyright 1992, 1992 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology
.SH AUTHOR
Seiji Kuwari (OMRON Corporation)
