.\"
.\"   $Id: ./close.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JL_CLOSE \  "19 September 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
jl_close()	バッファ領域を解放する。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jllib.h"

void
jl_close(buf)
struct wnn_buf *buf;		/* バッファ */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
バッファ buf の環境と同じ環境を用いているバッファが他に存在しない場合は、
その環境を消滅させる。
また、同じサーバとコネクションを持つバッファが他に存在しない場合は、
そのコネクションを消滅させる。
登録可能形式辞書、及び、頻度情報のセーブは、行わない。
.SH 使用上の注意事項
.HP 0
.IP
js_disconnect(), js_close() が、この関数の中で呼ばれる。
jl を用いずに、同時に js ライブラリで、同じ環境を用いている場合には、
環境やコネクションを消滅されるので、注意が必要である。

