.\"
.\"   $Id: ./dic_list.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JL_DIC_LIST \  "19 September 1991" 
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
jl_dic_list()		バッファの辞書情報を得る。
jl_dic_list_e()		環境の辞書情報を得る。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jllib.h"

int
jl_dic_list(buf, dip)
struct wnn_buf *buf;		/* バッファ */
WNN_DIC_INFO **dip;

int
jl_dic_list_e(env, dicinfo)
struct wnn_env *env;		/* 環境 */
WNN_DIC_INFO **dicinfo;
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
jl_dic_list は、バッファ buf に対する辞書情報を得る。

jl_dic_list_e は、環境 env に対する辞書情報を得る。

結果は、領域を確保して格納し、領域の先頭へのポインタを領域 dip 
の先に格納する。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
辞書の個数を返す。
エラー時には、-1 を返す。
.fi
.SH 使用上の注意事項
.HP 0
.IP
返値として返される領域は、次に jl_dic_list を呼ぶまで保持される。


