.\"
.\"   $Id: ./dic_com_s.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JL_DIC_COMMENT_SE \  "11 October 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2.5i
jl_dic_comment_set()	ファイルにコメントをセットする。
jl_dic_comment_set_e()	ファイルにコメントをセットする。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jllib.h"

int
jl_dic_comment_set(buf, dic_no, comment)
struct wnn_buf *buf;	/* バッファ */
int dic_no;		/* 辞書番号*/
w_char *comment;	/* コメント */

int
jl_dic_comment_set_e(env, dic_no, comment)
struct wnn_env *env;	/* 環境 */
int dic_no;		/* 辞書番号*/
w_char *comment;	/* コメント */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
dic_no で指定された辞書の辞書ファイルにコメントをセットする。
コメントをセット可能なためには、
その辞書は dic_add により、登録可能な辞書として設定されている
必要がある。
コメント comment の最大文字数は、512文字である。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には、0 を返す。
異常終了時には、-1 を返す。
.fi



