.\"
.\"   $Id: ./inspect.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JL_INSPECT \  "20 September 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
jl_inspect()		文節の情報を取り出し。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jllib.h"

struct wnn_jdata *
jl_inspect(buf, bun_no)
struct wnn_buf *buf;		/* バッファ */
int bun_no;			/* 文節番号 */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
文節番号 bun_no で指定された文節の情報を取り出す。

当面の所は、語幹部分についてのみ行なっている。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には、wnn_jdata構造体に辞書引きした結果を入れて返す。
異常終了時には、 NULL を返す。
.SH 使用上の注意事項
.HP 0
.IP
返値として返される領域は、次に jl 関数を呼んだ時に破壊される。



