.\"
.\"   $Id: ./nobi_conv.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JL_NOBI_CONV \  "20 September 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
jl_nobi_conv()	文節の長さを変えて変換する。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2.5i
#include "jllib.h"

int
jl_nobi_conv(buf, bun_no, ichbn_len, bun_no2, use_maep, ich_shop)
struct wnn_buf *buf;	/* バッファ */
int bun_no;		/* 文節番号1 */
int ichbn_len;		/* 一文節目の長さ */
int bun_no2;		/* 文節番号2 */
int use_maep;		/* 前後の接続を使う/否 */
int ich_shop;		/* 一文節目を小文節1つにする/複数小文節にする */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
文節番号 bun_no から 文節番号 bun_no2 の前までの文節を、第一文節目の長さ
ichbn_len を指定して変換し直す。

bun_no2 = -1 の時には、bun_no2 = 文節数として行なう。

use_maep で、第一文節目の変換時に、その前の小文節との接続情報を用いるか
を指定する。
.nf
.ta 0.3i 2i
	    WNN_NO_USE	    接続情報を用いない。
	    WNN_USE_MAE	    第一文節の変換時に前の小文節との接続情報を用いる。
	    WNN_USE_ATO	    第二文節の変換時に第一文節との接続情報を用いる。
	    WNN_USE_ZENGO    WNN_USE_MAE + WNN_USE_ATO
.fi

第一文節として、大文節を用いるか、小文節を用いるかを ich_shop で指定する。
.nf
.ta 0.3i 2i
	    WNN_DAI	   大文節を用いる。
	    WNN_SHO	   小文節を用いる。
.fi
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には文節数を返す。
異常終了時には -1 を返す。
.fi


