.\"
.\"   $Id: ./set_jikou.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JL_SET_JIKOUHO \  "30 September 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2.5i
jl_set_jikouho()	全候補(大、小)の内の次候補設定。
jl_set_jikouho_dai()	全候補(大文節)の内の候補設定
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jllib.h"

int
jl_set_jikouho(buf, offset)
struct wnn_buf *buf;	/* バッファ */
int offset;		/* オフセット */

int
jl_set_jikouho_dai(buf,offset)
struct wnn_buff *buf;	/*バッファ*/
int offset;		/*バッファ*/
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
jl_zenkouho は、jl_zenkouho で取り出した全候補 のうち offset 番
目のものを選択する。

jl_set_jikouho, jl_next, jl_previous を呼ぶ前に、jl_zenkouho, 
を呼ぶ必要がある。候補の設定は、jl_zenkouhoが呼ばれた文節に対し
行なわれる。jl_zenkouho_は、最後に呼ばれたものだけが有効である。

jl_zenkouho_dai は、jl_zenkouho_dai で取り出した大文節全候補 の
うち offset 番目のものにバッファの内容を置き換える。

jl_set_jikouho_dai, jl_next_dai, jl_previous_dai を呼ぶ前に、
jl_zenkouho,を呼ぶ必要がある。候補の設定は、jl_zenkouho_daiが
呼ばれた文節に対し行なわれる。jl_zenkouho_dai は、最後に呼ばれ
たものだけが有効である。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
候補のオフセットを返す。
.fi
.SH 使用上の注意
.HP 0
.IP
jl_zenkouho を呼んでから jl_set_jikouho, jl_next, jl_pervious
を呼ぶまでの間に jl_zenkouho_dai を呼ぶと、jl_set_jikouho
などは、エラーを返す。

jl_zenkouho_dai を呼んでから、jl_set_jikouho_dai, jl_next_dai,
jl_jprevious_dai を呼ぶまでの間に jl_zenkouho を呼ぶと、
jl_set_jikouho_dai などは、エラーを返す。
