.\"
.\"   $Id: ./tan_conv.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JL_TAN_CONV \  "3 October 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
jl_tan_conv()		単文節変換する。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jllib.h"

int
jl_tan_conv(buf, yomi, bun_no, bun_no2, use_maep, ich_shop)
struct wnn_buf *buf;	/* バッファ */
w_char *yomi;		/* 読み */
int bun_no;		/* 文節番号1 */
int bun_no2;		/* 文節番号2 */
int use_maep;		/* 前後の接続を使う/否 */
int ich_shop;		/* 小文節/否 */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
文節番号 bun_no から 文節番号 bun_no2 の前までの文節を削除し、読みを単文節変換
した結果を挿入する。「小文節/否」の値が WNN_SHO ならば小文節、WNN_DAI な
らば大文節として変換を行なう。(当然、大文節として変換した場合には、変
換結果は1文節ではない)

bun_no = bun_no2 の時は、bun_no の前の位置に変換結果が挿入さ
れる。bun_no が文節数と等しい時は、現在の変換結果に変換結果を付け加える。
bun_no2 が文節数と等しい時は、bun_no から 後ろの文字列を変換結果に置き換える。
bun_no2 = -1 の時は、bun_no2 = 文節数 として、tan_conv を行なう。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には文節数を返す。
異常終了時には -1 を返す。
.fi

