.\"
.\"   $Id: ./word_add.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JL_WORD_ADD \  "3 October 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
jl_word_add()		単語を登録する。
jl_word_add_e()		単語を登録する。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jllib.h"

int
jl_word_add(buf, dic_no, yomi, kanji, com, hinsi, hindo)
struct wnn_buf *buf;	/* バッファ */
int dic_no;		/* 辞書番号 */
w_char *yomi;		/* 読み */
w_char *kanji;		/* 漢字 */
w_char *com;		/* コメント */
int hinsi;		/* 品詞 */
int hindo;		/* 初期頻度 */

int
jl_word_add_e(env, dic_no, yomi, kanji, comment, hinsi, init_hindo)
struct wnn_env *env;	/* 環境 */
int dic_no;		/* 辞書番号 */
w_char *yomi;		/* 読み */
w_char *kanji;		/* 漢字 */
w_char *comment;	/* コメント */
int hinsi;		/* 品詞 */
int init_hindo;		/* 初期頻度 */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
辞書番号 dic_no の辞書に漢字 kanji, 読み yomi, コメント com, 品詞 hinsi,
初期頻度 hindo の単語を登録する。

漢字と読みとコメントの合計最大文字数は、127文字である。
固定形式辞書、または辞書が読み込み専用の場合は、登録ができない。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には、0 を返す。
異常終了時には、-1 を返す。
.fi

