.\"
.\"   $Id: ./cenv.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH CENV \  "13 May 1992"
.SH NAME
cenv \- cWnn Environment Operation Functions.
.ad
.SH DESCRIPTION
The followings are the operation functions available in every environment.  
The user may update his environment by using these functions.  
For example, he may need to add another dictionary, or need to change the 
values for certain conversion parameter.

When function key PF6 is pressed, a menu will be displayed.  Move the 
cursor to the particular option and press the return key.  The 
corresponding function will then be carried out.   
.SH OPTIONS
.IP 1.
Add dictionary	
.sp 0
To add a dictionary to the current environment.
.IP 2.
View dictionary	
.sp 0
To view all the dictionaries in the current environment, as well as 
their current states.
.IP 3.
Word/Character add	
.sp 0
To add a word into a dynamic dictionary.
.IP 4.
Word/Character search	
.sp 0
To check if a word/character exists in the dictionary under the current 
environment. If it exists, the system will show the information of 
word/character.
.IP 5.
Parameter update	
.sp 0
To enquire or change the parameters for the Pinyin-Hanzi conversion under  
the current environment.  
.sp 0
Different environments will have different parameters. 
.IP 6.
Save usage frequency
.sp 0
Save all the usage frequency files under the current environment.
.IP 7.
Dictionary information
.sp 0
To inquire the information of the dictionaries under the current environment.
For example the dictionary name, type and priority etc.
.IP 8.
Grammar change	
.sp 0
To change the grammar file used in the environment.
.IP 9.
Exit
.sp 0
To exit the environment operation function.
.SH NOTE
PF6 is the default  keyboard definition in cWnn, it may be redefined.
