.\"
.\"   $Id: ./dic_use.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JS_DIC_USE \  "20 September 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
js_dic_use()	辞書の使用/不使用の状態を設定する。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jslib.h"

int
js_dic_use(env,dic_no,flag)
struct wnn_env *env;	/* 環境 */
int dic_no;		/* 辞書番号 */
int flag;		/* フラグ */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
辞書番号 dic_no 辞書の使用する/しないの状態を flag 
.nf
.ta 0.5i 1i
	1:   使用する
	0:   使用しない
.fi
の状態にする。

js_dic_add を行なった瞬間には、全てこの値は 1 になっている。
辞書番号の辞書がない場合、何もしない。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には、0 を返す。
異常終了時には、-1 を返す。
.fi

