.\"
.\"   $Id: ./env_list.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JS_ENV_LIST \  "20 September 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
js_env_list()		サーバ中の全ての環境に関する情報を得る。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jslib.h"

int
js_env_list(server, ret)
WNN_JSERVER_ID *server;	
struct wnn_ret_buf *ret;
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
サーバ server 中の全ての環境に関する情報を得る。
ret->buf には、struct wnn_env_info の配列が、環境数だけ返される。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には、環境の数を返す。
異常終了時には、-1 を返す。
.fi

