.\"
.\"   $Id: ./hindo_set.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH JS_HINDO_SET \  "20 September 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
js_hindo_set()		辞書ファイルの頻度を設定する。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jslib.h"

int
js_hindo_set(env,dic,entry,ima,hindo)
struct wnn_env *env;	/* 環境 */
int dic;		/* 辞書番号 */
int entry;		/* エントリ番号 */
int ima;		/* 今使ったよビット */
int hindo;		/* 頻度 */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
辞書番号 dic_no で示されるエントリ番号 entry の頻度、今使ったよビットを
設定する。
ima の値により、今使ったよビットを設定する。
.nf
.ta 0.3i 3i
	    WNN_IMA_ON		今使ったよビット ON にする。
	    WNN_IMA_OFF		今使ったよビット OFF にする。
	    WNN_HINDO_NOP	何もしない。
.fi

hindo の値により、頻度を設定する。
.nf
.ta 0.3i 3i
	    WNN_HINDO_INC	頻度を 1 上げる。
	    WNN_HINDO_DECL	頻度を 1 下げる。
	    WNN_ENTRY_NO_USE	エントリを変換に使用しない。
	    WNN_HINDO_NOP	何もしない。
	    その他          	頻度をその値にする。
.fi

辞書がない場合(dic_no = -1)は、疑似文節の選択する候補を設定する。
entry の値により以下の候補を第一候補として選択する。
.nf 
     数字の疑似文節
.fi
.nf
.ta 3.5i 5i
              WNN_NUM_HAN	半角数字	読みのまま
              WNN_NUM_ZEN     	全角数字	１２３など
              WNN_NUM_KAN     	漢数字  	一二三など
              WNN_NUM_KANSUUJI	漢数字  	百二十三など
              WNN_NUM_KANOLD  	漢数字   	壱百弐拾参など
              WNN_NUM_HANCAN  	半角数字	1,234など
              WNN_NUM_ZENCAN   	全角数字	１，２３４など
.fi
.nf
     英数字の疑似文節
.fi
.nf
.ta 3.5i 5i
              WNN_ALP_HAN	半角		読みのまま
              WNN_ALP_ZEN	全角	
.fi
.nf
     記号の疑似文節
.fi
.nf
.ta 3.5i 5i
              WNN_KIG_HAN	半角		読みのまま
              WNN_KIG_JIS	全角(JIS)
              WNN_KIG_ASC	全角(ASC)
.fi
.sv 3
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には、0 を返す。
異常終了時には、-1 を返す。
.fi

