.\"
.\"   $Id: ./atof.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH ATOF \  "28 January 1992" 
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
atof	ＵＪＩＳ形式付属語情報 → データ形式付属語情報への変換
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i 
/usr/local/bin/Wnn4/atof <fzk.data filename>
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
atof は、UJIS形式付属語情報(fzk.u(4)) を標準入力(stdin) から読み込ん
で、データ形式付属語情報(fzk.data(4)) に変換する。
UJIS形式の中で、同じ読みで、同じ品詞に属している付属語が複数ある場合がある。
そのような場合に、atof は、それらの付属語をまとめて一つの付属語にする。
その付属語の前への接続関係は、それぞれの付属語の接続の論理和を取ったものにな
る。また、その時、標準エラー出力(stderr) に、メッセージを出力する。
(例えば、活用する付属語を語幹と活用語尾に分けて付属語定義を行った場合である。)
.SH 関連項目
.sv 1
.nf
fzk.u(4), fzk.data(4)
