.\"
.\"   $Id: ./dtoa.man $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH DTOA \  "28 January 1992" 
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
dtoa	バイナリ辞書 → ＥＵＣ形式辞書ヘの変換
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i 
/usr/local/bin/Wnn4/dtoa [-n] [-s] [-e|-E] [-h 品詞ファイル名]
        <バイナリ辞書ファイル名> [<頻度ファイル名> ...]
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
dtoa は、指定されたバイナリ辞書ファイルをＥＵＣ形式に変換して、標準出力
に出力する。デフォルトのＥＵＣ形式は、ＵＪＩＳ形式である。
ＵＪＩＳ以外のＥＵＣ形式の辞書を変換する場合は、環境変数 CSWIDTH を
設定する。CSWIDTH については、atod のマニュアルを参照のこと。

第２引数にユーザが持っている頻度ファイルを１つ以上指定すると、その頻度情報
がＥＵＣ形式辞書に反映される。

以下のオプションによって、動作を指定する。
.TP 8
-n
ＥＵＣ形式辞書を、読みの「ー」、ひらがな(全角文字)、半角英数字
(ＡＳＣＩＩ文字)の順にソートする。結果は標準出力に出力する。
.TP 8
-s
シリアルナンバーを付けて出力する。
.TP 8
-e
特殊表現に展開する。このオプションをつけると、スペース、タブなどを
8進表現に、展開する。(デフォルト)
.TP 8
-E
特殊表現に展開しない。このオプションをつけると、スペース、タブなどを
8進表現に、展開しない。
.TP 8
-h
品詞ファイル名を指定する。デフォルトは、/usr/local/lib/wnn/ja_JP/hinsi.dataである。
.SH 関連項目
.sv 1
.nf
atod(1), dtoa(1), wnntouch(1)
