.\"
.\" $Id: xjutil.man,v 1.1.1.1 2000/01/16 05:07:53 ura Exp $
.\"

.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright 1991 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology
.\"
.\" Author: OMRON SOFTWARE Co., Ltd. <freewnn@rd.kyoto.omronsoft.co.jp>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with GNU Emacs; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the
.\" Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" Commentary:
.\"
.\" Change log:
.\"
.\" Last modified date: 8,Feb.1999
.\"

.TH XJUTIL 4 "Release 5" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
xjutil \- Dictionary Utility Manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B /usr/bin/xjutil \fIdisplay-name atom-name account\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIxjutil\fP is a dictionary utility manager operates dictionaries of
\fIWnn\fP. It is executed by \fIxwnmo\fP automatically.
.SH OPARATIONS
\fIXjutil\fP has the following operations for dictionary of \fIWnn\fP.
.TP 8
.B Add dictionary:
You can add new dictionary in your conversion environment.
.TP 8
.B Output list of dictionaries:
You can see a list of current loaded dictionaries in your conversion
environment.
.TP 8
.B Registry:
You can registry new word in your private dictionary.
.TP 8
.B Search:
You can search word in dictionary. And if you push any button on one word
, you can operate its word. (\fIdelete/disable/enable/comment\fP)
.TP 8
.B Change parameters:
You can change some parameter of conversion environment.
.TP 8
.B Output information of dictionaries:
You can see feather informations of dictionaries. And if you push any button
on one dictionary, you can operate its dictionary.
(\fIdelete/disable/enable/comment\fP)
.TP 8
.B Change Accessory Vocabulary:
You can change a accessory vocabulary file.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
xwnmo(1X)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 1991 by OMRON Corporation
.br
Copyright 1991 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology
.SH AUTHOR
Seiji Kuwari (OMRON Corporation)
