.\"
.\"   $Id: fzk.data.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:32 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH FZK.DATA \  "28 January 1992" 
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
fzk.data	データ形式付属語情報データ
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i 
/usr/local/lib/wnn/ja_JP/dic/pubdic/*.fzk
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
jserver(1) で、立ち上げ時に読み込まれるデータ形式付属語情報データである。
これは、付属語のつながり方、および文節の連鎖の文法情報のデータベースである。
すなわち、UJIS形式付属語情報ファイルを atof(1) コマンドによって変換した結
果のものである。
.SH 関連項目
.sv 1
.nf
atof(1), fzk.u(5)
