.\"
.\"   $Id: ujis_dic.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:32 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH UJIS_DIC \  "6 Septemter 1993"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
ＵＪＩＳ形式辞書ファイル  ―  ＵＪＩＳ形式辞書ファイルの形式
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
ＵＪＩＳ形式辞書ファイルは、バイナリ形式の固定形式辞書と登録可能形式辞書
をＵＪＩＳ形式で表現したものである。
ＵＪＩＳ形式辞書ファイルと固定形式辞書，および登録可能形式辞書間の相互変
換は、辞書ユーティリティを用いて行う。
バイナリ形式に変換する場合、単語は読みでソートされていなければならない。
ＵＪＩＳ辞書ファイルに対する語句の追加，削除，及び変更は、vi 等のエディ
タで行う。

ファイルの形式

 \\comment コメント(CR)
 \\total   総頻度(CR)
 \\hinsi (CR)
 読み(SP)単語(SP)品詞(SP)頻度(SP)[コメント](CR)
 読み(SP)単語(SP)品詞(SP)頻度(SP)[コメント](CR)
 読み(SP)単語(SP)品詞(SP)頻度(SP)[コメント](CR)
   |    　| 　       |  　     |
   |    　| 　       |  　     |
   |    　| 　       |  　     |
 (EOF)
.br
.TP 8
コメント
辞書全体に付けられたコメントである。
.TP 8
総頻度
辞書全体の頻度(その辞書が経験した単文節変換の回数)である。int 型。
.TP 8
読み
単語の読み。２５６文字までの長さで、ユーザ辞書はひらがな・
「ー」・半角英数字、固定形式辞書はひらがな・「ー」で逆順に表現する。
なお、半角英字は大文字・小文字の区別をしない。
ソート時の文字の大小関係は、「ー」・ひらがな・半角英数字の順である。
.TP 8
単語
２５６文字までの半角文字・全角文字・外字など全ての文字表現が可能。
スペース、改行文字などの制御文字は \0 に続く２桁の８進数で表す。\\ に
続く 0 以外の文字はその文字になる(\\\\ → \\)。
.TP 8
品詞
品詞名で、直接表現する。
.br
    名詞
.br
    固有名詞
.br
品詞名は、/usr/local/lib/wnn/hinsi.data 参照。
.TP 8
頻度
各単語の頻度である。
.TP 8
コメント
５１２文字まで。

