.\"
.\"   $Id: rk_clear.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:34 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH ROMKAN_CLEAR \  "11 October 1991" 
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i    
romkan_clear()  ローマ字仮名変換用処理バッファの初期化
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include <wnn/rk_spcl_val.h>

void romkan_clear()
.fi
.SH 機能説明
.HP 0
.IP
romkan_clear は、ローマ字仮名変換で使用される本処理バッファ、およびプッシ
ュバッファを初期化する。変換表の内容、および変換モードの状態は失われない。
.SH 関連項目
.HP 0
.IP
romkan_init(JT_LIB), romkan_getc(JT_LIB), romkan_ungetc(JT_LIB), 
romkan_dispmode(JT_LIB), romkan_next(JT_LIB), 2A_CTRL(JT_ENV), 
2B_ROMKANA(JT_ENV)




