.\"
.\"   $Id: rk_getc.man,v 1.3 2001/06/14 18:08:34 ura Exp $
.\"
.\"
.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright FreeWnn Project 1999, 2000
.\" 
.\" Maintainer:  FreeWnn Project   <freewnn@tomo.gr.jp>
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH ROMKAN_GETC \  "11 October 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
romkan_getc()  ローマ字仮名変換の変換文字の入力
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 1.5i
#include <wnn/rk_spcl_val.h>

letter romkan_getc()
.fi
.SH 機能説明
.HP 0
.IP
romkan_getc は、文字入力関数 keyin (romkan_init を参照。)により文字の入力
を行いながら、初期処理関数 romkan_init により与えられた変換表に従ってロー
マ字仮名変換などのコード変換を行う。１回の呼び出しで１文字(１バイトコード
の文字はそのまま、２バイトコードの場合は、上位バイト×２５６＋下位バイト)
を返す。返される文字は変換確定文字の他に、画面エコーバックのための変換未確
定文字、DELET コード(romkan_init の第２引数に指定したコード)、入力エラーコ
ード、モード変更コードを返す。これらは確定文字と区別するために最上位ビット
が１のコードである。
モード変更コードは romkan_init の第３引数を０以外で指定した場合に限り返す。
なお、入力エラー, モード変更コードは rk_spcl_val.h で NISEBP, CHMSIG に 
define されている。
.SH 使用上の注意事項
.HP 0
.IP
最初の romkan_getc を呼ぶ前に、romkan_init で初期処理をしておかなければな
らない。
.SH 関連項目
.HP 0
.IP
romkan_init(JT_LIB), romkan_next(JT_LIB), romkan_clear(JT_LIB), 
romkan_dispmode(JT_LIB), romkan_ungetc(JT_LIB), 2A_CTRL(JT_ENV),
2B_ROMKANA(JT_ENV)

